# RFF-Analysis (RugFarm-Frontrunning Analysis)

RFF-Analysis is a Python-based framework designed to analyze rugpull farms and assess the profitability of frontrunning them. The tool streamlines data gathering, backtesting strategies, and generating actionable insights.

---
## How to Use

### 1. Initial Setup
Create a dedicated folder for the rugpull farm you want to analyze. Inside this folder:
- Create a file named `tokens.txt`
- Add the token addresses generated by the rugfarm, one per line.

Example:
```txt
76Jm5U...
HDrdbs...
```

### 2. Fetch Token Data
Currently, the framework focuses on gathering price data. Tracking transferred amount will be the next step.

#### 2.1. Fetching Price Data
Run the `gather_price_data.py` script:
```bash
python gather_price_data.py
```
The script will:
1. Prompt you to enter the rugfarm folder name.
2. Automatically open a browser window with token price data.
3. Wait for you to copy the price data.
4. Retrieve the copied data from your clipboard and move on to the next token or iteration of it.

Once all tokens have been processed, they will be moved to `processed_tokens.txt` in the same folder.

---
### 3. Running Backtests
The framework currently supports a time-based strategy for backtesting. Next step is a transferred-value-based strategy.

#### 3.1. Time-Based Strategy Backtest
1. Open the backtesting notebook and adjust the constants to match your desired strategy parameters.
2. Run the backtest cell
3. View the results in the `backtesting_results.md` file within the rugfarm folder.
4. Visualize how the strategy worked in each token in the cell below

Example of strategy parameters:
```python
FARM_NAME = "98x"
PRICE_DROP_THRESHOLD = 0.4    # 40 % of price drop will be considered as rug
HOLDING_PERIOD = 6 * 60       # 6 minutes
BUY_DELAY = 10                # 10 seconds
SELL_DELAY = 10               # 10 seconds
```

The backtest will output:
- The percentage return of the strategy
- A detailed breakdown of each token's performance

---
## Example Analysis
An example analysis can be found in the `98x` folder. This analysis focuses on the rugfarm where the bot [98xYeL9EAF9mAcgMRaPm8U2LLu84DVU6rw682hbJav47](https://gmgn.ai/sol/address/98xYeL9EAF9mAcgMRaPm8U2LLu84DVU6rw682hbJav47) operates.

The `backtesting_results.md` file in this folder contains:
- Strategy return percentages
- Detailed token analysis
- Insights into how the strategy performed across different tokens